# v8.0.0

> This changelog is incomplete.

### Audio / Video Sources
- Stop Window capture when Window is closed.
- **Fix:** Mouse cursor position is wrong after moving region selector.
- **Fix:** Unable to resize Region Selector after stopping recording.
- Desktop Duplication is supported with Variable Frame Rate Gif.
- **Fix:** Desktop Duplication recording does not crash when Screen enters non-recordable mode. e.g. Sign-in screen.
- Added an option to playback recorded audio in real-time in Config | Extras.
- Record and ScreenShot buttons on Region Selector.
- Added Window picker and Screen picker which prompt for selector on starting recording or taking screenshot.
- More than 2 audio sources can be simultaneously recorded.
- Audio sources can be changed during recording. A checkbox next to the Audio heading determines whether audio will be recorded.
- Shows Error Message when bass.dll or bassmix.dll is not present.
- Hide when Recording option is configured on Region Selector itself.
- Refresh retains selected Audio/Video sources/codecs and Webcam.
- Basic drawing support in Region Selector.

### Preview
- Added option to Preview while recording.
- Supports full screen view.

### Overlays
- Overlays are now configured on a separate window.
- Overlays can be positioned by dragging boxes over a Background on the window.
- Separate colors for Right and Middle mouse click overlays.
- Support for custom image overlays.
- Overlay customization from UI is used in Console.
- Option to display Mouse Pointer Overlay to make easier to track Mouse Pointer.
- Added minimal mouse click animation.
- Elapsed is separated from TextOverlays and can be toggled from Main View.

### FFmpeg
- Option to resize FFmpeg output video size.
- FFmpeg Log maintains multiple logs.
- FFmpeg Log copies complete output to clipboard.
- Multiple Custom FFmpeg Codecs.
- Increased FFmpeg thread_queue_size
- Ensure previous frame is written when writing asynchronously.

### Hotkey Window
Separate window to manage hotkeys with option to add, delete or edit action and keys.

### Image Editor
- Added a minimal image editor.
- Added a new ScreenShot target: Editor.

### Image Cropper
Added option to crop images.

### Audio / Video Trimmer
Added option to trim Audio and Video.

### Translation
Added new translations:

- Japanese
- Chinese (Simplified)
- Chinese (Traditional)

### Other
- **Fix:**captura shot failing for fullscreen screenshots.
- **Fix:** Main window webcam preview position on high DPI.
- Duration is considered after Start Delay has elapsed.
- Duration and Start Delay are stored in Settings.
- Added option to use System Proxy.
- **Fix:** Mouse Cursor moves slowly when recording from Command-line
- Webcam capture support from Command-line.
- Option to Minimize to System Tray on Startup.
- Option to Minimize to System Tray when Closed.
- Add a Translator window to aid in translation. Can be opened from About tab.
- More icons in the UI.
- Multiple selectable Screenshot Save Locations.
- Display Licenses in a Window.
- Notification Stack
- Added an Exception Dialog.
- Stop Recorder when Frames are not being writen. This happens when either the FrameRate is too high or a codec is slow. No of frames to be written are checked with a maximum value to determine whether to stop recording. This helps prevent crash from 100% RAM usage and causing the system to hang.
- Ability to delete uploaded images from Imgur