# v9.0.0

> Not released yet!

- Translations updated.
- Added Portuguese, Brazilian translation.
- Fallback to NAudio for audio when BASS is not available.
- Update check in footer.
- Open Webcam preview window by clicking on small preview.
- **Fix:** Recording failing due to `System can't keep up with the Recording. Frames are not being written. Retry again or try with a smaller region, lower Frame Rate or another Codec.`
- Replaced the Gif encoder with FFmpeg Gif (Post-Processing) encoder.
- Discard writer renamed to Preview Only and automatically shows Preview window on starting recording.
- Use system confirmation dialog when deleting from recent list.
- Added YouTube upload feature. Can be used from recent list context menu.
- Remove notifications when notification stack hides.
- Region dimension boxes on Main UI.
- FFmpeg Log can be opened from Home page.
- PasswordBox for Proxy and Streaming keys.
- Region Selector can be Moved/Resized using Keyboard.
- **Fix:** Window position is not remembered.
- **Fix:** Remove 5 fps limit on Preview window.
- **Fix:** Arrow and Only Audio icons.
- **Fix:** weird behaviour of Region Selector border.
- **Fix:** DPI issues when saving from Image Editor.
- **Fix:** BASS WaveFormat for SeparateAudioFilePerSource.
- **Fix:** Smooth rendering of mouse clicks.
- **Fix:** Streaming FrameRate was always set to 10.
- Added Webcam only mode.
- Settings, Codecs folders in AppDir for portability.
- Support `%CAPTURA_PATH%` to point to app directory in FFmpeg, Output and Settings paths.
- Change `Minimize on Capture Start` to minimize to tray.
- Show a simpler Error Window on Exceptions.